Hell's Kitchen:

##Executive summary##
	An unwitting cook stuggling to keep his resteraunt afloat stumbles uppon his salvation. As it Turns out the food in the pit is delicious, but the customer service is to die for.
	Gordon Ramsy vs. Demon Farmers the game.
	So this game should be or I guess will be the struggle of a cook to both maintain his possition his sanity and his life while forced to work double shift. Cooking to make his rent while fighting off the demons to get the good shit.
	twin sticks shooter/rouge like? mixed with cooking mini games. 
	Think of spinning plates, player should always be aware of something counting down/expiring
	
	
##Structure##
	Hell's Kitchen will be split mostly between an isometric topdown dungeon crawler and cooking mama.
	Both portions will share a similar control scheme
	Game will be split into days with a set timelimit, each day will have certain challanges/customers to handle
	Player will receive tips/rating for the day that takes into account how quickly they managed to complete recipes
		Rating will also take into account any loot they found while dungeon crawling and how well they took care of demons
	Game will autosave at the end of each day, if the player dies/gets a low enough customer rating to get fired they will need to redo the day
		(lower difficulty will allow players to save anytime/higher dificulty will remove earlier autosaves)
	Player leveling will be done through equipment found during dungeon crawling and friendship level with co-workers not through leveling
	
	#Dungeon crawler portion# 
		Chief goes through murdering hell demons using a combination of both actual wepons and kitchen implements
		Order around companions to assist you with murdering demons/each companion will be given unique stats and quirk to aid the player
		While in the dungeon time to complete customer orders and time in the day will go by more slowly
		Dungeon will have preset 'plot important' rooms (i.e. boss arenas) interspersed between procedurally generated connecting hallways
		Dungeon enemies will be based on demonic versions of common kitchen pests (i.e. roaches, rats, flies, black mold, etc.)
		Player will explore dungeon to collect loot for perchasing new items, ingrediants for recipes, recipes themselves, new companions, etc.
		
	#Kitchen Portion# 
		cook up recipes for a bunch of very impatient customers
		cooking involves first finding whatever ingrediants are necessary for a given recipe (by going to the pantry and hell) then completing a short cooking minigame
			(i.e. minigame to cut up a tomato or flip something in a skillet)
		Customer Orders need to be finished within a timeperiod, swiftness and quality determines tip recieved by customer
			quality determined by how well player completes the cooking minigames 
		Companions will help in Kitchen, each with their own speciality dish/cooking expertise
		As well as cooking player will need to clean dishes/upkeep the kitchen itself (similarly through cooking mama esque minigames)
		Player will be able to assign companions to man various stations in the kitchen to help with cooking
		Each new companion brings with them a new recipe, recipe's can also be found in the dungeons by themselves.
		**watch more cooking shows to beter understand how commercial kitchens are actually setup
		
	#Companions/NPCs#
		Both will contain AI companions to aid the player in both cooking and shooting
		Player will recruit new companions at the beginning of each day
		Player will interact with their kitchen buddies/boss during downtimes in the action (i.e. lunch break or beginning of the day)
			interactions will be shown through text boxes with emotive character portraits off to the side
			during this time player can progress the plot or complete co-workers side-stories that will to improve their effectiveness in combat and cooking
		Player will be able to give simple commands to companions in both modes:
			Player can assign companions to stations in the kitchen
			In dungeon player can order companions to certain positions/to find items/to clear out adjacent rooms/etc.
			
	#Story#
		Game starts with cook entering into hell for the first time because some rat demons stole his tomatoes. He ends up locating a whole busshel of tomatoes and decieds to use some for spaghetti sauce. It turns out delicious, now the cook needs to go in for more. From there the cook goes through an Odysee that takes him from the pit of hell to meeting with God themselves and seeing everything in between.

##General Ideas/Notes##


##Gameplay (objectives, game progressions, in-game GUI, etc.)##
	Like I pointed out above, fight demons to retrieve ingredients, cook up your recipes and serve them to your customers.
	So gameplay will be split between two "modes", dungeon crawling through hell fighting demons and cooking your recipes in the kitchen
	You dungeon crawl to retrieve your ingredients while under a timer from customers waiting on their orders
	You cook your recipes for your customers until you realize that you are missing some ingrediant, then you need to go into the dungeon

##Mechanics (rules, combat, physics, etc.)##
	This game is split between a twin stick shooter fighting demons and series of simple "warioware" minigames to cook recipes
	Should have a timer for each meal which will be used to grade the player at the end of each day
	In hell the player will receive ingredients and cash money to use for cooking/buying new equipment
	Should have a daily rating system that takes into account how well/quickly the player/team finished each recipe.
	Should have procedural dungeons connecting between important story rooms
	
	Write the rest later.
	What else is there to talk about? Its fairly simple, half dungeon crawler half cooking momma.
	

Game elements (worldbuilding, story, characters, locations, level design, etc.)

Assets (music, sound effects, 2D/3D models, etc.)